---
title: 'Prologue'
date: '2024-07-24'
---

> An old excerpt of a novel I attempted to write (2018), will re-attribute, add-on, and edit over time. Removing this quote when it is ready. This is the only passage, that will be exact in any other release in the future.
> 

Why does it get so cold in the Winter. Well that was a dumb question. As I write this, my mind races, linking thoughts of the past, to the future, to the hour before, but there never is any time for the present. Unable to cope, with the consistency at which they pace. Although, I long for the fear I had for it once. It’s as if, this fear is fading away. Racing thoughts are a comfort, but a living hell.

Where thoughts like these pace and revel in the subject’s insanity. Tomorrow could be different, it could be something else, something pure. But, the next could be devastating, heart-wrenching, and exhausting. Consistent rides that mull the mind harder than a weapon designed to, well… bash heads. As far as I can think; my past especially, I can’t ever really pinpoint a time where there was a week of a static peace. Even in my youth, I was always searching. I don’t know what it was, but I was always sleuthing. Finding something new to discover, to represent. The problem was, even if I had seemed to find something, it would soon be replaced. Leaving an ever-lasting hole that required compensation along with a timer, that was set to reset in the next 24 hours.

Have you ever tangled an object once? As you pulled it out of your pocket or from some space. And then there was this moment, once you exposed every technique you learned from experience or from the experienced. The moment, where you barely even tried it all comes untangled, loose, free, and ready to use and observe. I wonder why I can never remember those times.

I would like to make a conjecture, if you would so let me. I feel, everyone has a moment like this, this “freeing moment.” To not over-simplify it, a time that lasts no longer than a couple seconds or minutes where you are “in tune.” While wading through all the complexities of life and those around, to me, as cliche this may sound, it may have very well been music… Ah yes, music. Time and time again, the notes and rhythms of nature save a man or woman. Specificity is important now, though it was ignored before, it’s important now. No, but seriously, I promise it isn’t just a trope. Or maybe it is? I don’t know. 

I remember a friend of my Mother’s, I would enjoy thoroughly to visit at times. It was not too far from where I grew up as a child. The peculiar thing, is as a child, probably around 12 years old, it felt like going to another world. I stayed in a cul-de-sac, or a secluded square round-a-bout with only 1 way in. It was fantastic, I felt safe, yet curiosity would peek by the corner beckoning me as the sun sets. The adventures were unmatched.

So we lived adjacent to a corner of this square neighborhood which had to be entered via a separate road, but the road wasn’t more than a couple hundred feet. But, it was secluded enough, to make people aware they are there and not at all. Still I felt we were the true corner, felt like our own corner in a way. I forget the time I got my first bike, but I do remember the training wheels, I hated them. But, I needed them. But with a bike if one would ride all the way down east until you essentially reached the top right most part of the square shaped cul-de-sac, the only way was taking a right, and that was a steep hill that would lead to the exit on the left. This hill, I could never go down in one shot without breaking. And let me tell you, it was my ultimate challenge growing up. I needed to go down this hill without breaking, I needed nature or physics to slow myself to a stop as I turned the gap, but I never wanted to brake myself.

It was a brisk morning on the weekend. It was quite beautiful, I always remember the mornings from that house. The way the light would hit the small windows from the north east, angling into a section of the carpet. I would sit there, it was warm, it was a small contained warmth that was mine. My Mother would prepare breakfast a couple feet away, the TV would create racket with some show from our country. I never really understood it, but it was her solace and I didn’t want to disturb it. Those moments were small, but were times *I untangled*. Where sound was constant, warmth was lifting, and time was frozen. Saturdays were treasures in their own right. And let me tell you, school was tough. I am not sure why, it shouldn’t have been. Especially at that age. But, it felt tough. I guess I never knew how to well… know it was. The convolution makes it all the more stressful. There was always something. I had way too many thoughts, some even not meant for me, some resentment, some simply unknown. But, these mornings I knew one thing was a constant, I relished in it, but within minutes a fear would set. *The Sun would move without my consent.*

So I got my things together, as my Mother chants, “Do not go too far.” Chants, because it was a daily saying. One might think of this as rather mild, but it does get annoying to a point, especially if I got back home after the sky turned that wonderful gradient of purples and reds. Going out the front door, I would always be greeted by the large tree out front. A tree that just over grew, and it’s branches were thick enough to climb on, but I could never get onto them. I never had the courage too at least. Not until later. Anyway, I reached the garage, entered the code—I never liked going from the inside, not sure why—it opened, with a few jerks that buckled the horizontal panes and found my bike. Yellow and fresh with those shock absorbers, that my Father had just bought for me. He would travel a lot, but when he would be in town, we would window shop. He always knew where my eyes would focus. 

The shock absorbers were very important and not because of their function. I didn’t even care about the feel of them, I just liked how they looked on the bike. And how they squeezed when you applied weight, coming off speed bumps or off the curb. I never looked in front of me, when I did that—jumping off curbs, I needed to see the shock absorbers compress. It was a weird thing.

I rode off, aiming for the end of the road and then south into the exit of the cul-de-sac. And this is was the most crucial moment of the departure. There was this stationary box that was in place in the middle of the road. In a section where Olive trees maintained the left or right lanes. It would always make a sound at a specific time and I’d always wait. It would just be there, where this box was nothing but a small vent and a handle that was locked with a key. And by the time the purple and red hues of the sky would fill, it would crank as if there was something inside. An alarm of sorts. It definitely was a curious thing. 

Hearing it sing, I headed down the road. Eventually turning right, until four or five blocks would pass and a bridge would appear. This was the limit, beyond this bridge was an unknown territory, I have never seen without my parents guidance. The cul-de-sac was right in the middle, a perfect location to test the limits of self-control. Although, it never truly got trained in the way I had hoped.

Heading back, I started to hear a distinct group of voices by the entrance of the cul-de-sac. A bunch of teenagers, out and about playing football on the street. Whenever I would hear that garbled concoction of shouting, laughter, and chatter, a rush of excitement would invigorate my senses. I was younger to them by six years on average, but they had no issues including me in their lives. We’re all cashiers with our time and they would always let me be a customer of theirs. 

I was home.

As the years passed the box by the Olive trees still bothered and the cul-de-sac felt emptier. I’d bike down further, on my usual route, pushing past the boundaries I was conditioned to. Eventually heading back to hear the curious sounds once more. As if something was inside, a metal ball falling and hitting every side of the box in a strange infinite loop. I wanted to learn from it, I needed to know what was inside. If only I could find a way to break the flimsy latch. 

The lock, resembled those cheap dye-casts for travel bags. It could be easily broken, if I found the right tools. I searched for stones on the side walk, something as big as the palm of my hand; round enough to hold a grip and a powerful stance. Circling back to the contraption, I wailed at the latch. The banging shook the neighboring streets. Nearby, dogs started to bark aggressively in their back yards. The intensity increasing, the stimulation of it all reached a closure as the hook on the lock split. Falling down ever so gently, the latch finally loosens. I opened the panel and this overwhelming fear took over me. It was stark black, an abyss I couldn’t see the end of. A few tiny glimmers were observable, like crystals almost. I stepped a little closer, thinking I can scrape one off and bring it back to my Mother as a present. But, as my right foot landed onto what I thought was the bottom of this enclosure, I lost my balance and fell. It wasn’t a box or some metal container, it was something else.