---
title: 'Normalizing Therapy'
date: '2024-12-31'
---

> Articles are meant to be much more in-depth than the `thoughts` section. I want to start by making them a rolling update. As in, if you see an Article popup, it is not in its final state yet. I like this idea, which I will explain in a later `thought`.

## Notes

> This will be told from an American Male perspective. For articles to feel complete I am thinking of a way to crowd-source anecdotes/input to confirm thoughts. An interesting interactive way to do so (not comments), also allowing people from all over the world to add their own ways to relate. The goal with these articles is to find similarities or ways to learn from each-other, starting with an in-depth personal foundation.

#### State: Outline

## Issues

### Belonging

> Focuses on a drive to feel connected with `real people`.

### Career

> Focuses on the mystical state leaderships hold, that are actually normal and human.

### Family/Love

> Focuses on a drive of needing to be heard.

### Impact/Purpose

> Focuses on the complexity between Family/Love and helping others. Dissecting "altruism" and how it has been manipulated.

### Influencers

> Focuses on how influencers manipulate culture and the status quo. We will go deep into a couple, their histories and their missing merit to speak.

### Communication

> Unpredictability can be a symptom of not wanting to be understood/profiled online (a control scheme). Communicating social/political thoughts based off personal evidence can be difficult online and can cause wrong interpretations. Which can be a cost of over-simplifying ideas, a by-product of the microblogging format.

## Doctors/Professionals

### Purpose

> Focuses on the reasoning behind the existence of this profession.

### Shame

> Focuses on how one should NOT feel shame needing help. By, listing out the reasons why one would feel Shame in the first place.

### Alignment

> Focuses on how threat actors pit every angle to confuse the self, and how a professional can help you re-align.



## Thank Yous

> I want to add this early. I may have a different story than most, but their excerpts will be used and quoted quite a bit throughout this. And if I was facing a Goliath alone, all I would need is them *with* me. Hopefully this also shows an impact of how decentralized healthcare *can work*.


Dr. Julie Gurner

[BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/drgurner.bsky.social) [Substack](https://substack.com/@drgurner?)


Dr. Glenn Patrick Doyle

[BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/drdoylesays.bsky.social)


Dr. Jack Brown

[BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/drjackbrown.bsky.social)


Defender

[BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/defenderofbasic.bsky.social)