---
title: 'Loom'
date: '2023-09-05'
---

[loom.nyc](https://loom.nyc)

Starting *July 2023* I decided to take up a challenge on building an entire client that can support content aggregation. I had discovered a stack that had been built to decentralize a format of consumption similar to [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/). Incorporating a networking structure known as *[Federation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federated_architecture).* Similar to how email works, a user can sign-up on any service that provides a certain set of protocols of communication to connect with users under other domains.

Loom started off as an *experiment*. I was fascinated when I spun-up a [Lemmy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemmy_(software)) instance so easily, early July. It felt like I was making my own personal Reddit. **My** own **space** where I could divide particular interests of mine into sub-categories for other federated servers to see, pick, and choose to align with theirs. I moved on to wanting to build an iOS application to facilitate my content creation needs. Evolving, to how I wanted to change the way I browsed the content. Evolving to wanting to mature *Granite* further to support the architecture of federation/social networks. And eventually the need to aggregate all types of content for consumption, with the *rules I set.* But, making sure these lines are **not** hard-coded and are customizable by others.

I’ve felt all these sites like Twitter, Reddit, etc. Are nothing but re-skins of the same data structure to display content. Why not just have a singular application that can allow you to well, *re-skin*, the “feed” to look like any of them. Implement a way to communicate with all of them or simply browse them. And then share them or facilitate discussion. 

That’s where Loom is now.

---

Mastodon, Kbin, Lemmy are all providing great solutions to jump-start self-hosting needs in a very vibrant and passionate open-source community. The communities being varied in beliefs and views, but seem to remain strong in their commitments to maintain authentic solutions to an *open* *social network*. Even though this has been around for quite some time, it took me a while to connect the dots or see the importance of this *open nature.* 

I have been curious about authentication or what this process should look like. Where should users of these instances sign-up or register? Centralizing their accounts under a singular domain again, feels like a step-back if a user’s entire intention is for their content to spread to all federated servers. Owning origin rights should be a variable to consider.

During the [NFT](https://www.investopedia.com/non-fungible-tokens-nft-5115211) craze of 2021, we saw another experience, a bit far-fetched in relation, but the variables were there in my opinion. When those owning NFT tokens could use extensions such as [Metamask](https://metamask.io/) to verify ownership of a particular token, then certain priveleges are granted. Such as, being able to customize a particular feature that was locked prior. This was a special UX to me, as it felt like a unique metaphor of a key-value relationship or user/password. Even though we still needed a user/password to access metamask. Overall, being crypto related, the nature of transparency added other foundational values that strengthened this concept into a movement that was dubbed “Web3”. But, the caveat is it wanted to keep “members” within a closed community per token. 

The similarity to federation was this need to change the medium of what defines an online identity and who sets the rules of how others see this identity along with the content it produces. Having a single wallet own many NFTs, or "accounts", to consume unique experiences respectively.

There are still many questions left un-answered to “Web3” motives and/or process of executing this unique online verification. But, federation incorporates a classical approach with a greater focus on communicating with those outside of the “circle”. As in, your opinions, thoughts are not closed and controlled within a centralized site/corporation. They can *federate* into the lands of other social domains that choose to federate. Sort of seems similar to [ERC-6551](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6551) that is currently being reviewed, if implemented by developers in the same respect as [ActivityPub](https://www.w3.org/TR/activitypub/).

> Transparent credentials, secured by you, communicating in a transparent social network owned by none. This seems like an interesting experiment.
> 

One method of avoiding another networking layer like Ethereum’s is a service similar to Squarespace, where one can buy domains and spin up their own instances on-demand. However, maintaining federation with new instances that pop up constantly is an issue. There have been cases of malicious users federating unwanted content that would not bode well when wanting to enable federation out-of-the-box. “Block lists” have been spreading, letting server admins add known bad actors right away. Preventing such content from surfacing. But, who decides the contents of this list? And this list is quite long, checking each instance is tedious and ultimately trust is blindly given.

This entire system is still very new, but it is definitely exciting to see it all unfold in real-time.

Note, that the site is still in progress. I want to explore adding to the existing protocols this time. Implementing some personal preferences around safety this time.

*Edited: 2024-11-09*