---
title: 'Trials'
date: '2024-10-23'
---

It is really difficult to understand delusional thinking. But, it gets easier to understand the *why* when you finally accept the variables that made life so difficult in the first place. Especially, when one’s life had to be proven to be *worthy* even at the most basic levels of academia. 

Accessibility is important to me, because it is not simply about making it easier to function in the world. It is about helping the world recognize *an existence.* Not for attention or sympathy, but for protection against being taken advantage of, as *thinking differently* comes with a *cost*. And sometimes that cost makes it really hard to verify one’s worth.

It is tremendously difficult, to grow up in an environment that views such inhibitors as mythological fascinations. It is tremendously difficult to go through life for 25~ years to finally begin an investigation to, *maybe*, just maybe discover if it could have been easier. But I digress, as it is hard to feel sorry for myself when I am still so privileged. At the most basic level, I still have food, water, a roof, and a bed. Some don’t. And I really want to make sure, that the right systems are in place to give those who do not have enough *strength* during these trials a chance to verify their worth. Once upon a time, I called such an initiative *Nautical Call.* It’s funny how when you are a kid, you somehow have the intuition to know that there’s something different about yourself. But, instead of helping oneself, you project it through creations, such as videos, art, music, or in this case, a progressive web application (lol).

Sadly though, there are some that take advantage of accessibility, not the people, but the systems that attempted to assist those who actually need it. Or, there is a compatibility issue, where one’s survival instincts and behaviors tend to be *more psychologically abusive*, and the other party’s ***kryptonite*** were those specific patterns in the right sequence. I feel delusional thinking comes from years and years of survival and retrospection. And at some point, the brain becomes so *trained* to react in order to preserve the self, it is either able to predict whom or *feel* those that will affect the *self.* Gaslighting, framing, false accusations, are all worse than death itself. As truth is the only thing that makes it possible to begin the verification process. And when one, dismantles truth of the self, it destroys not only identity, the story, the past, but sometimes the future. I have witnessed enough before me, who lost this future. That’s what gives me *strength* to constantly verify, as one should be thankful to have the option to do so in the first place.

But, through these trials. If one can make it far enough, it does get easier. Survival becomes synonymous with simply, waking up and going about one’s day. I am very lucky, to have key people at specific times in my life that appeared, from teachers to friends, to assist me on these trials without knowing their role. It’s quite poetic and at some point I will publish a video game about it. I often like to say, “it will be my *magnum opus.”*

This year I have realized that I cannot rely on someone coming in at the *right time*, any more. Because, at some point I may have to be that person for someone else. And to be honest, at this point, ***I want to be that person***. Not for the sake of looking like I am helping or to feel like some sort of Saint, it's still selfishly motivated. And honestly, it is because it was really damn hard, really hard. And this will be my way to gain *closure*, with who I am as a human. Whether it’s using my trades to build such a solution or simply starting a conversation with a stranger, I finally feel I have entered my next stage of growth. A new beginning.