---
title: 'Being Human'
date: '2024-08-20'
---

Start-ups are tough as there’s lots of risks involved. But, the ones that hurt the most was managing the needs, aspirations, and ambitions of all parties when striving for financial independence driven by a shared passion. The money, negative or positive, wasn’t the ups or downs we were hurt by. It was always about alignment. Was I doing what I could to help Person 1 or Person 2, was Person 2 doing what they could for Person 3 or Person 1, was Person 4 doing what they could for Person 2 or Person 3, was Person 5, doing what they could for Person 3 or Person 4. It was a revolving door that always got stuck.

Say what you want, about our views or direction or challenges or how we viewed entrepreneurship. But, it really made me realize the *humanity* behind start-ups. Even if we got stuck, *really stuck*, enough for the whole building to fall; we would rather stay in this revolving door together than leave. It soon never revolved around money, or about the start-up itself, but about our ability to assess the current situation, understand it, and pick ourselves back up.

If I have anything to share for the next/previous generation, it is to keep this *mantra* **alive**. This is true entrepreneurship. The stories you hear from so-called *“greats”* of the industry. Are nothing more than you, yourself, and your abilities at the very age you are reading this right now. The only difference, is that revolving door moved at the *right time*. Sometimes too close, where everyone made it out of the building while it fell, but could rebuild it together. And sometimes it was too late. In the end, it was always about the *team **before** the idea.*

> There’s enough main characters in this world. It’s time to play the supporting role.
>