---
title: 'Acceptance'
date: '2024-12-02'
---

As we enter this generative future. I feel linguistics and writing form will change. Either we are able to identify the patterns of *prose* between generative and realism. Or, we develop and evolve a new *prose* all together. One that is way more reliant on self-expression than before. Objective and analytical papers may be where generative writing aids the most. The "PhD level" intelligence these A.I. researchers seek.

Creative and script writing is where it may fail to merge fully. And, it will be noticeable. The writings that *sing* on their own or are able to relate to the human condition fluidly will be the differentiator. If this is some pseudo-science relationship to one's emotional intelligence level, I am not sure. But, I also do feel empathy is slowly embedding into the masses. You shouldn't just have to have trauma to see it. Honestly, that is a much healthier future in its own right and I think the level limit is increasing anyways.

Generative A.I. can try as hard as it can to emulate 3D modelling or 2D art or the stitching of frames to create animations. Self-expression or the *curation* in these frames is going to be where it shines. The *eye* skill-level is going to increase.

So overall, the *artist* is always going to be the most valuable. Don't worry, I'll make a new post when fear returns.

[Thank you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkmonzpHVRg)

P.S. I think if we start viewing our writing styles as love letters, it might help with the aforementioned evolution.