---
title: 'AI Safety & Deepfakes'
date: '2024-07-31'
---

Deepfakes. I still do not think the masses understand the impact this will have on oncoming generations. From creation to self-identity; it will affect every aspect of the “coming-of-age” novella stereotype.

Let’s take a look at a couple mediums such as a video or a photo and even audio. Video and photos are the same; since a video is simply multiple photos (frames) stitched together. Audio can be seen in waves, that can, or not, have patterns as they approach a peak prior to the surf. A weak effort at a metaphor, but I hope you get the just of it.

When an artist takes a photo, they either have a gut feeling or are prioritizing a complex matrix of compositions. Either way, its a one-of-a-kind shot. Millions of those melted together may look like a bridge, but will never be the same. My hunch is to create a system where those authentic creations stay within a secure environment and are invisibly watermarked (LaMarque). Any contributions outside of this space will forever be treated as generations and a reduction of value will be administered. And along with a reduction of value, the *bad actors* can be devalued.

Same goes with audio. 

I do feel Meta is doing lots of great work in reverse engineering AI generations to detect and label them appropriately. At least, more-so than other players in this game. But, the one lingering thought I have, is if this should be hardware level or software level. I am leaning towards both. Every recording device of any kind should incorporate a new codec that can interlace invisible watermarks.

This can only solve what’s real. But, I’d still would want to figure out who generated it.

Open source is very important to me. It helps me learn, adapt, and advance. If it has that effect on me, I will always fight to help others to experience the same. When it comes to the *other side,* keeping your thoughts local is up to you, but systems need to be put in place to monitor the publication or sharing of generated media. This is where I feel blockchain could return, in which uploading infrastructure of any kind, requires transparent histories available to the public of any domain.

It’s a huge overhaul of the internet, but one that could feel safer to me. Keep your mind local and let your sharing be trackable.

And yes, I view your blockchain address to be a designated upload source, maybe be a new form of social security that is attributed to a new ISP contract. It may remove the “sense of anonymity” that gave rise to the technology. But, it does more than that now. It shows a track record or a *social* *capital* without revealing the legal name/identity. Don’t like your social direction? Move and rehabilitate. 

Don’t worry, I still love VPNs and TOR. But, theres a line we need to draw as that address should still be shared with all middle-wares.
