---
title: 'Here we go again'
date: '2024-07-11'
---

It’s been a year since *Loom*. Everyone has been thinking, plotting, planning. From the greats to the bottom line. Nothing has really changed, except the chosen savants and the scapegoats.

In December I found an interesting Startup. Thought it would be something special, as it surfaced an old idea of mine. One that I am very passionate about, that many are going about today. But, over time the company felt fictitious. The 2 advisors felt odd and 1, in particular, felt combatant. Anxiety was through the roof, but I may have overanalyzed his demeanor. 

It was definitely a wake up call. Something I needed, from the 4 years of dormancy. My God, there’s just so much that has happened, I promise I will go into detail, but not in this form of storytelling. It truly felt I had invisible guiding angels at some points. I want to give thanks, to those people out there.

By stroke of luck, or not (feels too well timed, maybe that’s called faith?), I got an opportunity right thereafter that saved my life. Saved my finances and my future. The team I joined was tough to onboard, dealing with the issues of the prior compiled with what came before, my sensitivity was at an all time high. Every micro expression in corporate life felt like a death sentence.

At month 3, I feel like I can breathe again. With a hunger coming back, ever more ferociously.

A couple weeks ago, I joined a couple events of VC firms trying to spread their wings into prospects, escaping their failed bets. Seeming hopeful, as they all tout a “New America”, “Build”, “Builders Only”. At first, it was kind of cringe. Because, they were always there, they just didn’t care to find/encourage them until, about..., well…, 8 years later.  But, I really respected the amount of effort and time they put into revitalizing the nation’s next generation of builders and entrepreneurs. It also feels the ethical value systems of America are no longer just signals of virtue. But, rather to be cemented as an honest way forward.

So what do we do with Loom. I am thinking about rebooting Bullish too, but with federated concepts as mentioned in a writing a couple years prior. That *missing platform* is finally here. But, I also feel Loom along with the PEX integration is a necessary social platform stack.

*Edited: 2024-11-09*