---
title: 'Put me in, Coach'
date: '2024-08-08'
---

I am very grateful for my parents. For the struggles they have faced to make sure I grew up in the United States of America. I have different thoughts on certain things, most of which will not be overlooked when it is my turn to raise. But, I must recognize their reasonings as they really did *try*. Some don’t. Above all else, I will always remember the teachers and coaches that taught me morality, faith, and leadership.

From Mr. K, to Mrs. K, to Mrs. P, to Mr. I, to Mr. C, to Professor X, to Coach D. There’s too many. But, when I was just a dumb/naive high school kid, I always wanted to build something, to add value in some shape or form, a method to belong in my own weird way. I was scatter-brained, driven by too many factors, but motivated by a singular goal. *Wanting to leave the world a little better than I found it.* Cliche, I know…

An offshoot of Nautical Call. An application that allowed people to tap a button that would let people know others were there to listen. I wanted to build something simple like that. I went to Mr. C with this idea and instead of shooting it down, he sat me down. We discussed the steps towards execution. Even though I did not execute, it was that moment I realized the power of belief. Since what I truly wanted, *was his belief*. And he knew how to see that, without asking.

The importance of teachers, of coaches, of *good people and mentors* is the apex of American culture. I don't care how cringe I sound. I will always believe that the simple act of *enabling* is the answer to growth and success for all parties involved.

When the P.E. teachers, the coaches put their knee down to see me eye-to-eye and asked, "What's wrong?". I always lied, "Nothing".

But, in the moments where I asked, "Can you put me in, Coach?". Knowing full well I was merely a benchwarmer in the sports I played. When they gave me the shot, my heart was full.