---
title: 'The Dark Knight Rises'
date: '2024-10-31'
---

I love and hate patterns. I hate them because they cause people to think there’s replication, redundancy, or how the government says “copy-cats”. This is honestly, good thinking because there are “copy-cats”. And it is the “copy-cats” that cause harm. But, how do we *find* *the other*?

I feel the point in which we start becoming these highly-moralistic persons starts with a heavily traumatic event. But, also the need to see the good in the reasoning. I am still trying to figure out why I fought so hard to see the good. It’s somehow genetic in a way. Because, all parties involved had good intentions, but somehow a terrible event occurred. It’s a moral dilemma that is on a striking scale. Because, you can’t agree, disagree, agree to disagree, etc. These questions begin an ever-ending novel.

The reason why Batman fought Superman or always holds a solution to end Superman, is because he himself, can’t *fathom* such a man can exist (can we blame him?). But, *deep down*, he wants him to exist. It is the perfect dichotomy of a superhero pair, equivalent to the “good cop, bad cop” routine. Journalists are the Dark Knights of the world, because they help in showing who are these Men or Women of Steel and they help in bringing them down. And the ones who *choose* *to wear steel*, must accept these checks and balances.

In a world that has fear online and we cannot rely on others to build safer solutions. We need trustworthy journalists to report. Ironically, they should be independant, rather than organized. These journalists need to reach global scopes. They need to reach a point where the voting platform that identifies their courage is clean of bias. I love the idea of X as a platform and its momentum towards free speech. But, it has much pain to go through before it becomes clean of bias.